MATTER-6199: Updated Build Matter+AWS Docs (#58)
SiliconLabsSoftware/docs-matter: sld962-matter-aws-feature/build-matter-aws.md

# Build Procedure For Matter + AWS

> Below steps are to be followed for setting the AWS configuration in the Matter SDK.

Reviewer: Follow the steps below to set the AWS configuration in the Matter SDK.

Author: Updated

> ## Adding the AWS Server, Client ID and Cluster Details

Reviewer: Adding the AWS Server, Client ID, and Cluster Details

Author: Updated

1. Open Simplicity Studio. Go to `Settings > SDKs`. Click **Browse to Location** option by right-clicking **Silicon Labs Matter**.
   ![Matter Extension Browse to Location](images/aws-sdk-location.png)

2. Go to the `third_party/matter_sdk/examples/platform/silabs/matter_aws/matter_aws_interface/include/`.   

> 3. Update the definitions for the server ID, client ID and cluster in `MatterAwsConfig.h`:

Reviewer: ...client ID, and...

Author: Updated

   - Update the AWS server name at `#define MATTER_AWS_SERVER_HOST ""`.
   - Update the client ID at `#define MATTER_AWS_CLIENT_ID ""`.

>    - Update the cluster server information from the below table, based on your app:

Reviewer: Update the cluster server information as shown in the table below, based on your app:

Author: Updated

  
   | Application Type | Cluster Definition |
   |------------------|--------------------|
   | Thermostat | `#define ZCL_USING_THERMOSTAT_CLUSTER_SERVER` |
   | Lighting | `#define ZCL_USING_ON_OFF_CLUSTER_SERVER` |
   | Lock | `#define ZCL_USING_DOOR_LOCK_CLUSTER_SERVER` |
   | Window Covering | `#define ZCL_USING_WINDOW_COVERING_CLUSTER_SERVER` |

    **MatterAwsConfig.h File:**

    ![MatterAwsConfig.h File](./images/matter-aws-config.png)

4. After making the above changes, refresh the `matter-extension` in Simplicity Studio.
   - In the **Home** tab, from the left panel, select **Settings**.
   ![Select Settings](images/aws-build-settings.jpg)

>    - Click on **SDKs**, ensure the correct version of the SDK is selected, and then click **Refresh** in the right side menu.

Reviewer: Click **SDKs**, ...

Author: Updated

# Build Procedure For Matter + AWS

> The following steps are for adding the AWS configurations in the Matter SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below steps are to be followed for setting the AWS configuration in the Matter SDK.
```

Reviewer 2: you can usethis or better one :-)

1. Open Simplicity Studio. Go to `Settings > SDKs`. Click **Browse to Location** option by right-clicking **Silicon Labs Matter**.
   ![Matter Extension Browse to Location](images/aws-sdk-location.png)

2. Go to the `third_party/matter_sdk/examples/platform/silabs/matter_aws/matter_aws_interface/include/`.   

3. Update the definitions for the server ID, client ID and cluster in `MatterAwsConfig.h`:

   - Update the AWS server name at `#define MATTER_AWS_SERVER_HOST ""`.
   - Update the client ID at `#define MATTER_AWS_CLIENT_ID ""`.
   - Update the cluster server information from the below table, based on your app:
  
   | Application Type | Cluster Definition |
   |------------------|--------------------|
   | Thermostat | `#define ZCL_USING_THERMOSTAT_CLUSTER_SERVER` |
   | Lighting | `#define ZCL_USING_ON_OFF_CLUSTER_SERVER` |
   | Lock | `#define ZCL_USING_DOOR_LOCK_CLUSTER_SERVER` |
   | Window Covering | `#define ZCL_USING_WINDOW_COVERING_CLUSTER_SERVER` |

    **MatterAwsConfig.h File:**

    ![MatterAwsConfig.h File](./images/matter-aws-config.png)

4. After making the above changes, refresh the `matter-extension` in Simplicity Studio.

> 5. In the **Home** tab, from the left panel, select **Settings**.

Reviewer 2: should this be 4.a and 4.b instead of 5 and 6 , as they are to achieve step 4

Author: Updated.
